Display Mode
Screen
Printer
Cursor control utility is provided to select the combination
of level, type of cost, phases, format, etc. The arrow keys
are used to position the cursor on the menu selection
desired; pressing a RETURN activates the chosen option. The
menus are displayed on individual screens in hierarchical
order.
The user may select any combination of the output options
displayed above. An ESC key, identified in the key menu on
line 25 of the CRT display will pass program control to the
previous output selection menu. Executing a RETURN at the
desired option will implement the selection and move to the
next menu. Sample output displays and descriptions for cost
information are given in Appendix B.
If the user has selected LINE GRAPH or BAR CHART as the
Aformat of output displays and either SPACECRAFT TOTALS or
SUBSYSTEM LEVEL from the Data Level menu, he/she will get
one of two additional menus. These menus allow the user to
narrow the scope of output information to specific
spacecraft items or subsystems. They contain a list of
summary items, and the user is able to choose the specific
items he/she wishes to view graphically. The summary items
are configured with the MAINTENANCE function (see DARPASS
Program Operations menu). Following is a sample of the Data
Sublevel menu:
|PiY
DARPASS -Page 12
iI
