Display Format
Tables
Graphs
Bar Chart
Display Mode
Screen
Printer
Cursor control utility allows selection of: level, phases,
level of statistics, format, etc. The arrow keys are used
to position the cursor on the desired menu selection;
pressing a RETURN will activate the chosen option. The
menus are displayed on individual screens in the above
hierarchical sequence.
The user may select any combination of these options. An
ESC key, identified in the key menu on line 25 of the CRT
screen, will pass program control to the previous output
selection menu. Executing a RETURN over a desired selection
will implement the selection and move to the next menu.
Sample output displays for statistical information are
provided in Appendix B. As with cost information, summary
descriptions of output report information can be found in
Section 3.0.
Again, as with cost information, if the user has selected
BAR CHART for the format of output (LINE GRAPHs are not
available at this level) and either SPACECRAFT TOTALS or
SUBSYSTEM LEVEL from the Data Level menu, he/she will move
to one of two additional menus. These menus allow the user
to narrow the scope of output information to specific
spacecraft items or subsystems.
The menus contain a list of summary items, and the user can
decide on specific items he/she wishes to view graphically.
The summary items are configured with the MAINTENANCE
function (see DARPASS Program Operations menu). A sample
Data Sublevel menu is provided on the following page:
DARPASS -Page 15
